Clarification in line 68 of modifier syntax (#83)
lf-lang/website-lingua-franca: packages/documentation/copy/en/topics/Modal Models.md

=}
```

> You can also specify the type of the transition by adding the modifier `reset(<mode>)` or `continue(<mode>)` in the effects field of the reaction line following the `->`, e.g., reset(Two), continue(Two).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also specify the type of the transition by adding the modifier `reset(<mode>)` or `continue(<mode>)` in the effects of the reaction signature (i.e., after the `->`). For example, a history transition to the state `Two` is enabled by listing `continue(Two)` among the effects of the reaction.
```
